Tools Required:
•	A heat gun or hair dryer
•	A crimping tool for Dupont pins (a ratcheting set is preferred)
•	A set of wire strippers, also a straight pair of tin snips may be useful for cutting pins
•	A small metal pick
•	24 gauge wire heat shrink (7 x ½” (13mm) long pieces)

To Note:
The phrase receptacle will refer to the part 2-1703930-1, the TE Receptacle Terminal
The phrase socket head will refer to parts ESQT-108-02-F-S-309 and ESQT-102-02-F-S-309, made by Samtec
The phrase terminal head will refer to parts MTMM-108-15-T-S-541 and MTMM-102-15-T-S-541 made by Samtec

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1)	Start by cutting the wire into 6” to 12” (15 cm to 30 cm) lengths; a total of strips 14 are needed
2)	Strip off 1/8th of an inch of insulation (2.5 mm) on each wire
3)	Insert the wire ~7/32” (5.5 mm) onto the wire receptacle
4)	Crimp the wire onto the receptacle using the crimping tool
a.	NOTE: For the ratcheting crimping tool, it is easiest to close the mouth of the tool until the receptacle barely fits into the teeth.  This will hold the receptacle in place to align the wire and squeeze the tool.
5)	Repeat for the other 13 wires
6)	Inspect the 3D printed connectors and verify that all the hole are clear.  A 0.197” (0.5 mm) drill bit can be used to clear out any closed holes on the male connector.

Female Connector:
1)	Insert the crimped wires into the backside of the 3D printed connectors with the spring portion of the connector facing outward.  Based on what side of the connector you are loading the receptacle, you may have to flip the receptacle
2)	Using the pick, push the receptacle to the front of the female housing; there is a small chamber on the housing were the receptacle spring should lift, locking it into place
3)	Loosely tug onto the wire to ensure the spring has fully lifted, and the receptacle will not come out of the housing
4)	Repeat for the next 6 wires

Male Connector:
1)	Inset the socket heads into the backside of the male connector and light push the the the socket heads until the pin are exposed on the front of the male housing, all 3 socket head should be inserted into the housing before continuing
2)	Using a padded vise or pushing on the backside of the connector using a surface, continue to move the socket head until only ~1/8” (or 3 mm) remains exposed
3)	Place the pieces on heat shrink on the remaining 7 wires, the end of the heat shrink should be flush with the receptacle ends so that the receptacle is fully covered
4)	Using the heat gun, shrink the heat shrink onto the receptacle
a.	NOTE: This can be done either before or after attaching the connector to terminal heads (step 7).  Caution should be used not to destroy the terminal heads with the heat gun if this is done.
5)	Insert the long end of the terminal heads into the socket heads and note the gap between the spacer on the terminal head and the socket head (the gap should be around ~6mm in length or ~1/4”)
6)	Remove the terminal heads from the socket heads, and using the wire cutters or tin snips, cut the pins to remove the gap distance (between 5 and 8 mm)
7)	Attach the receptacles to the uncut end of the terminal head pins
8)	Reinsert the cut end of the terminal head back into the socket head
9)	Use a heat resistant, non-expanding glue to secure all components (terminal heads, socket heads, receptacles).  
